From Gabriele.Sirri@bo.infn.it Wed Jul  9 12:42:55 2003
Date: Tue,  8 Jul 2003 16:17:44 +0200
From: Gabriele Sirri <Gabriele.Sirri@bo.infn.it>
To: Valeri.Tioukov@na.infn.it, Ciro.Pistillo@na.infn.it,
     Gabriele.Sirri@bo.infn.it, igor.kreslo@cern.ch, Luigi.Esposito@bo.infn.it,
     Michela.Cozzi@bo.infn.it
Subject: Rwc2edb updates

    [ The following text is in the "ISO-8859-1" character set. ]
    [ Your display is set for the "ISO-8859-5" character set.  ]
    [ Some characters may be displayed incorrectly. ]

Dear all, 
	a new revision (1.6) of the converter is available on the fedra site. 
This "converging" revision includes some bug corrections and modifications 
concerning the coordinates and the sysalDataio2 library.

I have just re-writed that revision in order to have a structured source code 
(should be 1.8). All the conversions are made using a library of functions 
which I called libDataConversion in order to keep separated the data 
conversion code from the root files manipulation code in the converter. The 
library is still in its initial state but could evolve in the future to become 
a class, a namespace or a win32 dll (sigh... another one). 

I want to point your attention to the very crucial change of point-of-view: 
starting from 1.6, the clusters and segments coordinates are given in the 
original coordinates of the camera (converted in microns) and not anymore in 
the fiducial marks coordinates as in the past. 

An affine transformation, which is computed on-line, is stored inside every 
View and performs the needed transformation. 

This affine contains :
- the rotation of the sheet related to the stage computed using the three more 
closed fiducial marks (so it contains also possible effects of local 
macroscopic planar distortions...) and
- the translations of the view computed from the origin (see the .map file, 
usually the first mark)

I also included the possibility to read and store the .map file created by the 
on-line. So in the future we can compute by ourself this rotations (this is 
the way I prefer). I suggest you to don't forget the map file...

In the "test and configure" conversions (which Igor included starting from the 
revision 1.4 - unfortunately, missed in the 1.6), I create different root 
files for the RWD and TXT (grains) file. The reason is that the clusters 
coordinates are given with different measure unit (microns for the RWD and 
pixels for the TXT) and there is no way to retrieve the pixel2micron parameter 
from the files. Do you agree? In any case, I think it could be better to ask 
to Cristiano to dump also a catalog file after "test and configure".

Finally, I ask to people which convert grains data from "test and configure", 
to check if the eSide element of the EdbCluster is correct. (The txt grains 
file uses the opposite convention of the rwd...). 

Sorry for the long mail...

Ciao ciao
	Gabriele


P.S. Starting from this mail, also Michela and Luillo should join the group, 
which, at present, is composed by Ciro, Gabriele, Igor, Luillo, Michela, 
Valeri. 




